---
title: Trademarks
description: SmartCode Ltd Trademarks 
hide_table_of_contents: false
---

# SmartCode Ltd Trademarks

SMARTCODE and SERENITY/JS are trademarks or registered trademarks of SmartCode Ltd.

This policy of SmartCode Ltd ("SmartCode") provides guidelines for use of the SMARTCODE and SERENITY/JS trademarks ("SmartCode Trademarks")
to identify SmartCode’s software. Use of the SmartCode Trademarks must be in accordance with this policy.

You may use the SmartCode Trademarks in plain text to truthfully refer to and/or link to SmartCode’s software,
and to truthfully explain that your software is based on SmartCode’s tools, or is compatible with SmartCode’s software, in compliance with this policy. 
Any other use of the SmartCode Trademarks, including any logos, requires prior written permission.
The SmartCode Trademarks should be used in their exact form.

- You may not use the SmartCode Trademarks in any manner that implies approval or endorsement by or association with SmartCode. 
  You may not use the SmartCode Trademarks to refer to a product other than SmartCode’s software.
- You may not use the SmartCode Trademarks in a manner that may diminish or otherwise damage SmartCode’s goodwill in its trademarks.
- You may not distribute any modified software under the SmartCode Trademarks. SmartCode recognizes that community members writing related software need some way to identify the SmartCode product to which that software pertains.
The SmartCode Trademarks must be used in a way that users will not be confused as to whether the related software is an official SmartCode product or otherwise approved by SmartCode.
The name of such software may not include, in whole or in part, the SmartCode Trademarks in a way that suggests a connection between SmartCode and the extension.

Any use of the SmartCode Trademarks must include a trademark attribution notice:
```
"[SmartCode trademark] is a trademark of SmartCode Ltd. in the UK, US, and other countries."
```

Any use of the SmartCode Trademarks is pursuant to this policy.
SmartCode reserves the right to withdraw its consent for you to use any SmartCode Trademarks in its sole discretion.
SmartCode owns all rights in the SmartCode Trademarks, and your use of them does not transfer any rights to you.
Any goodwill generated by your use of our SmartCode Trademarks will belong to SmartCode.
